1. Define the following:

a) Data:
    - Data is raw unprocessed information, such as characters and integers
b) Field:
    - A field is a single piece of information in a column stored in a table
      comprised of data which represents something specific,
      eg. a phone number
c) Record:
    - A record is a set of logically linked fields, giving the data
      stored in each field further meaning in relation to one another
d) File:
    - A file is a collection of related records which even further gives its'
      records, fields, and the data contained within further meaning

2. What is a DMBS and what are it's advantages?

    - DBMS stands for Database Management System

    - A DBMS allows for easier sharing and accessing stored data 

    - Using a DBMS is useful for providing a user interface to provide a
      clearer, more user friendly method of accessing a database to make 
      better more informed decisions

    - Using a DBMS helps reduce inconsistencies in accessing, modifying and
      presenting data in a database to the end user, utilizing data 
      validation methods to correctly assess the validity of the information 
      being input in order to maintain the databases accuracy and integrity

    - Using a DBMS allows the user to quickly search for the relevant data

3. Explain the difference between data and information:
    - Data is raw facts, while information is data which has been processed
      and interpreted to have meaning, the characters "2+2" is an example of
      data whereas the integer result "=4" is information, which relies on
      the context of the operation and the information's use

4. What is Metadata?

    - Metadata is the data associated with data, it provides information 
      related to that raw data such as the co-ordinates where a picture is
      taken, the timestamp of a social media post, the engagement statistics
      of a particular ad etc.

      This is useful to give additional context to the original data to
      help process it into meaningful information.

5. Given the file below (in the .pdf), answer the following questions:

e) How many records does the file contain?
    - The file contains four records

f) How many fields are there per record?
    - There are five fields per record, each containing relevant data 
      to each other field in the record such as their Project Code, 
      Project Manager, Manager's Phone Number etc.
    - The record includes the following fields:
      1. PROJECT_CODE
      2. PROJECT_MANAGER
      3. MANAGER_PHONE
      4. MANAGER_ADDRESS
      5. PROJECT_BID_PRICE
